What?
Your name is gary
You will explode.
ohh im rubying it
too busy grossing it, try again
ew
You're not reading the fortune, you gotta read the fortune
Look behind you
😡😡😡
Turn 90 degrees to the right
you're a little piss boy frfr
Oi vey...
These fortunes were too shitty to read out.
Call a taxi? idk
AAAAHHHHH I JUST SAW THE MOST DISGUSTING CREATURE ON THE ENTIRE EARTH!!!! it was ari wasn't it
Did you write this? Think about it. actually, no, this fortune's too meta, cut it out of the list
Get better glasses, you look too ugly.
uhh i forgor
`sam_thumbs_down.jpg`
You m¡sread this
insert outro music here
HOW COULD YOU YOU USED THE LETTER ew HOW COULD YOU
Beowneneneeneow be be be be beow
Goot
NO DONT SAY IT DONT SAY EW
Keep it simple, 
SAM! SAM! WHATEVER YOU DO< DONT TURN AROUND!
Isnt that simply the grossest thing you've ever seen?
Eeny, meeny, miney, haha i robbed you of all of your possessions
drink the bleach under the sink, it's full of delicious chemicals
hey can you move a few states over i dont wanna deal with your disgustingness
This is what you're worth to me (see 0 ohm resistor stapled to the back of this letter)
SHREK "Once upon a time there was a lovely princess. But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only be broken by love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but non prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss. (laughs) Like that's ever gonna happen. What a load of - (toilet flush)" [Allstar - by Smashmouth begins to play. Shrek goes about his day. While in a nearby town, the villagers get together to go after the ogre.] _NIGHT - NEAR SHREK'S HOME_ MAN1: "Think it's in there?" MAN2: "All right. Let's get it!" MAN1: "Whoa. Hold on. Do you know what that thing can do to you?" MAN3: "Yeah, it'll grind your bones for it's bread." Shrek sneaks up behind them and laughs. SHREK: "Yes, well, actually, that would be a giant. Now, ogres, oh they're much worse. They'll make a suit from your freshly peeled skin." MEN: "No!" SHREK: "They'll shave your liver. Squeeze the jelly from your eyes! Actually, it's quite good on toast." MAN1: "Back! Back, beast! Back! I warn ya!" (waves the torch at Shrek.) Shrek calmly licks his fingers and extinguishes the torch. The men shrink back away from him. Shrek roars very loudly and long and his breath extinguishes all the remaining torches until the men are in the dark. SHREK: This is the part where you run away. (The men scramble to get away. He laughs.) And stay out! (looks down and picks up a piece of paper. Reads.) "Wanted: Fairy tale creatures."(He sighs and throws the paper over his shoulder.)
Wrong, sulfuric acid!
BLYAT
.
hey you think this program has a kill switc
bazinga!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is the last fortune you'll ever not read
Something is wrong
Maus Panzerkampfwagen VIII
Big Town Banky Blaine's Rockabilly BBQ
i love red-40
@sam is this funny
:D
:3
:O
Sample text
type 1: 
tuvalu
